you think I can't really stop thinking
about my drone I let it go however I was
perusing the DJI and there's a thing
called find my drone there are several
different things that you can do you can
make a loud sound with it you can make
it flash bright light it is now
nighttime
of course we should be going to one of
the fancy playlist live parties but they
find my drone mission sounds much more
appealing right now Jonathan are you
ready yes are we ready our first
obstacle tonight there seems to be a
sprinkler some water substance how how
you know this is really your mission I'm
gonna go back I'm sorry I failed I'm
sorry guys I will fight this these are
the exact coordinates of my drone see I
was basically flying in between these
two main huge hotels somewhere over here
okay all right you got to go behind
behind the hotel by the pool area where
we are now at the other hotel we put in
the exact coordinates
thrown into Apple Maps it might actually
be on the ground if it's on the ground
that's good news for us because we don't
have to go find how to access a hotel
room look how close it is that it's this
which means and where are we like wait
so this is the things that are showing
on here oh all right should it be
literally like right here oh my gosh so
yeah it should literally be in here in
the bushes area baby oh my god okay wait
why is it like it's not possible
honestly the fact that is now on the
ground just we soap up because I might
actually be able to recover it if it is
on there it is on the ground so this is
the structure right here
it would technically be like right here
[Music]
this is the last ditch effort you're
seeing if we can somehow see onto the
roof that's directly above where the GPS
then dropped us lady not - oh my gosh
that's really exciting knowledge okay so
I'm guessing that's what we need
we're going like full-on speaker Mishima
is oh we've made more progress I haven't
gotten to the point that stair World
actually brought us to the exact place
type of crash my drum so we're in this
one building this wall is the other
hotel and like I'm pretty sure that's
the building that I crushed so it's dark
but like we didn't find it but I think
we made progress I now have the location
where I can go to to look when it's
actually bright outside because
unfortunately the light thing doesn't
work I'm sure my drone is dead by now
maybe that only works after 30 minutes
of losing it
ah BJP chief am it is the last day of
playlist live today we are going to try
one more time to see now that it's light
see if we can see the drone I might have
to just give up on this and be dramas
for just a little bit but I want to make
sure that we have done everything
possible
[Music]
thank you for of course don't worry
that's touch I would find it it's high
time to go cries we're have our mining
the car yet train isn't working
oh yeah I don't know if I told you guys
this but John's drone crashed yesterday
but not into the photos repel but into
the side of like different no job I did
for hotel like a two-story building and
I bet if you really calm about me to the
how long you've been about it but really
I'm dying enjoyed we're both going
inside alright Sam here's the thing
start it off defeating this wasn't a
very exciting start to the day
but guess what we're doing tonight well
they are shutting down Universal for all
the creators so we get to go chill at
Disney World in an empty part with a
bunch of our YouTube friends yeah
yes please sign me up just a reminder
that I don't play games
so this is our view middle-aged men
playing golf on the golf course now
regarded from their buses shut down to
do father I got me a politician over
there
I mean I literally on the handout I know
it's a waiver okay
I was oh we got here - you like
registered to go to Universal and I was
like three different handouts and the
official zebra handle said we had until
8:45 and I got here where we're still
four too late the people were like
computers are up we got direct orders
from the boss shut it down we got it we
got it
three guys we got a little upset because
this is a going situation and then
someone went and grabbed the computer
from the girls stormed off and signed us
up
oh my gosh sorry
I was faking the thing myself thank you
no he was accident
yes the thing is like the court moved in
the physical and did all the motions
that we're experiencing in 3d so when we
were like solving I feel like yeah and a
heater blew in our faces water flow on
us experience hole designers behind that
Bravo thank you guys
oh my gosh all do that right
I needed my life we're going on the
goofy live right I can't take this
camera bell see you out here okay with
instincts it was amazing this a little
bit what it looks like there are you
ready I'm ready John hey guys like this
used to be me Sonne body Canon Lynn hey
guys it is a new day I am in a new
location playlist live was so much fun
it also something I wanted to very
briefly touch base on is what a relief
it is for you guys to just like know
everything now I'm not as worried about
revealing certain things before things
you know the gist of it is I had a lot
of issues with my New York City
apartment the past month almost two
months for two months now I've been
wanting to move apartment and so for the
past couple weeks that has taken over my
life searching for a New York City
apartment but honestly it would have not
they're not paying me to say this again
but it wasn't
impossible without triple mint but I
documented that entire process of moving
not moving at move yet but finding a new
apartment in New York City I had made an
entire video about it you can check it
out now it was a lot of fun to make it
was like a little mini documentary it
was fun it covered the entire process
which is crazy because the blog that you
saw of me having my little little bit of
a breakdown on the interweb most of that
stress was coming from like personal
life stuff revolving New York City and
finding that new apartment I'll tell you
why it got it got to a point where I was
so desperate that I was considered like
just for very brief moments I like
called Jeannie my mom just saw us Oh
like you ready to move like I was
considering moving one to Brooklyn which
like Brooklyn is dope but I believe if
you're going to be in the city you be in
the city you're on the island and I love
Manhattan so much I love being right
there so close to everything but during
those moments of stress when I didn't
know that I was going to be able to
qualify for the apartment I was like
through I need to move to Brooklyn and
then honestly for like two minutes
I considered LA I like we generally
considered California but I was like no
like New York is my home this is my city
right now but honestly it's such a
relief to have that figured out so that
enter for my internet fan for my PG fan
to know everything that has been going
on behind the scenes and now I can just
share whatever and share this process of
moving to new apartment and not worry
really about like hiding things from you
will I find a new apartment and stuff
like that so it feels good I am in a new
location right now you will see on the
next vlog and I got some fun videos
coming up shelf spaces so thanks for
hanging out with me let me know if you
like this video hit that subscribe
button down below you have not yet join
the PG fan until next time guys stay PG
okay bye
[Music]
you